yeah
Oh yesa this does not look good
do we need to take all of it yeah all of
it at once are you kidding no you chew
it yeah you have if you don't chew your
stomach wall we'll be in pain I totally
disapprove of this silly business I
think I have to leave now - I don't
witness this madness okay good luck good
luck to you so why are we actually doing
this hey that's a good question
so we're about to eat a ghost pepper
with my dad a ghost pepper is one of the
spiciest peppers in the world I think
the third spiciest pepper in the world
do people actually use them for food no
so in India they attach them to fences
to get animals like predator animals to
flee from their farm animals or you're
kidding I drew it yeah you to it so chew
it well because if swallow and then I
die then you shouldn't die hopefully
Cheers
just pretty stupid the father and son
okay one two three oh my god oh oh oh
this is not good
oh my god oh this is crazy
oh this one are you gay
Wow I forgot how spicy this month oh my
god I shake up already on fire
oh my hand is is it good to drink
well no burning
you should just feel the pain tell me
again why no no oh why do we do this ahh
I shouldn't be doing this
imagination why not nah I can speak
mouse is on fire I feel like my teeth
are I'm vibrating it haha I need nothing
and what are we doing I don't know no
understand why your mother said we're
just stupid
I was really dumb help us oh no keep it
keep it keep it Oh anymore
okay ah now I sorta feel it's in the
stomach the whole stomach hmm
madam I'm Darrin I cannot understand
you've done this like twice already
this is so stupid are you doing I've
done a few stupid things in my life but
I think this ranks quite high up there
what I have one I'm fine why not so
first you'll make a disclaimer this is
done of your own free will
because we have no influence over yours
and especially recommended by your
mother
Cheers and the thing is you take the
phone at once and then you chew it
what's the point
what's up John
breathing makes it worse that's just
summaries Ida don't you think it's
better than expected mmm
drinking is only gonna make it worse cuz
you're now you just spread it oh great
thanks for the advice what do you think
maybe we should have the dog try it and
maybe we should get your mom to try it
do you want a ghost pepper doing a ghost
pepper you the Guzman